how to find a remote digital marketing
job tips at work in 2022 finding a
remote digital marketing job isn't that
hard to be honest for companies it's
become pretty hard to find talent at
scale and these companies are companies
that are growing faster looking for town
are willing to pay a premium so if you
have a lot to bring to the table and are
skilled in your marketing craft you're
likely going to have plenty of
opportunities there are two types of
remote jobs that you can end up getting
either full-time employment jobs or
part-time or contracting type of jobs
right whether they outsource to you or
they just pay you for part-time if you
want a full-time job in a company here
are some of the options that you may
want to explore the first step in
finding the best company for your remote
digital marketing job is to do research
on the companies that are hiring for
digital marketing positions you can find
this information by going to job boards
searching through company websites or
using social media sites like
linkedin or even twitter a great website
to find more information about the
companies you're targeting is also
glassdoor glassdoor shows you employee
reviews about the companies reviews
about the ceo and the culture in general
you'll quickly find out which of these
companies would or wouldn't be a good
cultural fit for you by checking out
that information now let's go over a few
places where you can find open job
positions in digital marketing
indeed.com
with location set as remote indeed is
one of the largest databases of job
openings in the world not only do you
get a lot of different opportunities but
you can also learn critical information
about the company like employee
satisfaction reviews about the ceo
salary ranges and other interesting
facts in order to find a digital
marketing remote job all you have to do
is type in digital marketing in the web
field and remote in the where field the
next place you can find a remote job is
linkedin with the location set as remote
similar to indeed linkedin is a great
place to find remote job opportunities
it doesn't offer the type of information
that indeed in glass or do but it helps
you get the valuable information about
what the other candidates applying for
the same openings as you look like
you'll learn things like the top skills
that the other candidates have their
level of education and the locations
they're in
glassdoor is another option with
locations set as remote i've already
mentioned that glassware is a great
place to find insights about company and
whether or not it's a good fit for you
but glassdoor is one of the best places
to find remote job opportunities in
digital marketing besides all the
openings you'll have a chance to check
you'll also get all that in-depth
information about the companies offering
those job opportunities here are the
websites that are focused on remote job
opportunities
go remotely.net remote.co flexjobs.com
just remote dot co remote dot io remote
ok dot io all the websites have truly
amazing job opportunities for you to
explore and you should definitely check
them out
now if you want to do part-time digital
marketing gigs here's an important tip
it's easier to find freelance gigs when
you specialize in a niche whether it's a
technical specialty like seo or just
focusing on google ads not paid ads in a
whole i'm talking about just google ads
or this type of business like google ads
or facebook ads just for e-commerce like
niching down into a vertical that's when
you get higher quality opportunities now
when it comes to finding the
opportunities there's quite a few other
choices that you have whether it's up
work work anna.com peopleperhour.com
freelancer.com toptalk.com
guru.comremote.com
if you check out these sites you'll be
able to find solutions as well now if
you're looking for a job my company np
digital is hiring so make sure you check
it out or if you need help with your
marketing check out np digital where we
help companies of all sizes grow so if
you're struggling to find digital
marketing candidates you can always
outsource it to my ad agency np digital
and if you have any questions when it
comes to finding a job or hiring an
agency leave a comment below and i'm
here to help you out